There is always light. If only we're brave enough to see it. If only we're brave enough to be it.,-Amanda Gorman
"If you want to lift yourself up, lift up someone else.",-Booker T. Washington
I have learned not to allow rejection to move me.,-Cicely Tyson
"You’re braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think.",-A.A. Milne
"You can't rely on how you look to sustain you, what sustains us, what is fundamentally beautiful is compassion; for yourself and your those around you.",-Lupita Nyong'o
Attitude is the 'little' thing that makes a big difference.,-Winston Churchill
We will fail when we fail to try.,-Rosa Parks
All our dreams can come true — if we have the courage to pursue them.,-Walt Disney
Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.,-Thomas Edison
Don't sit down and wait for the opportunities to come. Get up and make them.,-Madam C.J Walker
The people who are crazy enough to think they can change the world are the ones who do.,-Steve Jobs
I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.,-Esteé Lauder
Champions keep playing until they get it right.,-Billie Jean King
A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.,-Albert Einstein
"We can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.",-Ronald Reagan
"Don't save your best for when you think the material calls for it. Always bring your full potential to every take, and be on top of your job, or they will replace you.",-Gabrielle Union
One of the lessons that I grew up with was to always stay true to yourself and never let what somebody else says distract you from your goals.,-Michelle Obama
Always work hard and have fun in what you do because I think that's when you're more successful. You have to choose to do it.,-Simone Biles
Happiness is not something readymade; it comes from your own actions.,-The Dalai Lama
"I don't harp on the negative because if you do, then there's no progression. There's no forward movement. You got to always look on the bright side of things, and we are in control. Like, you have control over the choices you make.",-Taraji P. Henson
All dreams are within reach. All you have to do is keep moving towards them.,-Viola Davis
"Tough times never last, but tough people do.",-Robert H. Schuller
"When your dreams are bigger than the places you find yourself in, sometimes you need to seek out your own reminders that there is more. And there is always more waiting for you on the other side of fear.",-Elaine Welteroth
Go confidently in the direction of your dreams. Live the life you have imagined.,-Henry David Thoreau
Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does. ,-William James
There is nothing impossible to they who will try.,-Alexander the Great
"The Sun himself is weak when he first rises, and gathers strength and courage as the day gets on.",-Charles Dickens
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts.",-Winston Churchill
The most difficult thing is the decision to act; the rest is merely tenacity.,-Amelia Earhart
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world straight in the eye. ,-Helen Keller 
What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals.,-Zig Ziglar
"Where there's hope, there's life. It fills us with fresh courage and makes us strong again.","-Anne Frank, The Diary of a Young Girl"
Believe you can and you're halfway there. ,-Theodore Roosevelt
It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light.,-Aristotle
"Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you'll start having positive results.",-Willie Nelson
"We must believe that we are gifted for something, and that this thing, at whatever cost, must be attained.",-Marie Curie
"When you have a dream, you've got to grab it and never let go. ",-Carol Burnett
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination. ",-Jimmy Dean
"No matter what you're going through, there's a light at the end of the tunnel. ",-Demi Lovato
Never allow a person to tell you no who doesn’t have the power to say yes.,-Eleanor Roosevelt
"It is our attitude at the beginning of a difficult task which, more than anything else, will affect its successful outcome. ",-William James
"Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance, you must keep moving.",-Albert Einstein
It’s no use going back to yesterday because I was a different person then.,"-Lewis Carroll, Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"
"Just don't give up trying to do what you really want to do. Where there is love and inspiration, I don't think you can go wrong.",-Ella Fitzgerald
The best revenge is massive success.,-Frank Sinatra
"For one to have complete satisfaction from flowers, you must have time to spend with them.",-Grace Kelly
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor.,-Truman Capote
"Remember that the airplane takes off against the wind, not with it.",-Henry Ford
"I know not all that may be coming, but be it what it will, I'll go to it laughing.",-Herman Melville
"Limit your ""always"" and your ""nevers.""",-Amy Poehler​​
"Nothing is impossible. The word itself says ""I'm possible!""",-Audrey Hepburn
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.  ,-C.S. Lewis
Try to be a rainbow in someone else's cloud.,-Maya Angelou
What's money? A man is a success if he gets up in the morning and goes to bed at night and in between does what he wants to do.,-Bob Dylan
"Shoot for the moon. Even if you miss, you'll land among the stars.",-Norman Vincent Peale
"I always wanted to be somebody, but now I realize I should have been more specific.",-Lily Tomlin
You do not find the happy life. You make it. ,-Camilla Eyring Kimball
"Inspiration comes from within yourself. One has to be positive. When you're positive, good things happen.",-Deep Roy
"Sometimes you will never know the value of a moment, until it becomes a memory.",-Dr. Seuss
You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.,-Malala Yousafzai
The most wasted of days is one without laughter.,-E. E. Cummings
You must do the things you think you cannot do.,-Eleanor Roosevelt
It isn't where you came from. It's where you're going that counts.,-Ella Fitzgerald
"You make a choice: continue living your life feeling muddled in this abyss of self-misunderstanding, or you find your identity independent of it. You draw your own box.","-Meghan, Duchess of Sussex"
It is never too late to be what you might have been.,-George Eliot
Stay close to anything that makes you glad you are alive.,-Hafez
Keep your face always toward the sunshine - and shadows will fall behind you.,-Walt Whitman
"Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you.",-Mary Lou Retton
You get what you give.,-Jennifer Lopez
Some people look for a beautiful place. Others make a place beautiful.,-Hazrat Inayat Khan
Happiness often sneaks in through a door you didn't know you left open.,-John Barrymore
We must be willing to let go of the life we planned so as to have the life that is waiting for us.,-Joseph Campbell
"Happiness is not by chance, but by choice. ",-Jim Rohn
"The miracle is not that we do this work, but that we are happy to do it.",-Mother Teresa
"Life changes very quickly, in a very positive way, if you let it.",-Lindsey Vonn
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow.,-Helen Keller
"If my mind can conceive it, if my heart can believe it, then I can achieve it.",-Muhammad Ali
Never limit yourself because of others’ limited imagination; never limit others because of your own limited imagination.,-Mae Jemison
"Dreams don’t have to just be dreams. You can make it a reality; if you just keep pushing and keep trying, then eventually you’ll reach your goal.",-Naomi Osaka
Be the change that you wish to see in the world.,-Mahatma Gandhi
Life has got all those twists and turns. You’ve got to hold on tight and off you go.,-Nicole Kidman
"Let us make our future now, and let us make our dreams tomorrow's reality. ",-Malala Yousafzai
"You don't always need a plan. Sometimes you just need to breathe, trust, let go and see what happens.",-Mandy Hale
You define your own life. Don’t let other people write your script.,-Oprah Winfrey
"If I cannot do great things, I can do small things in a great way.",-Martin Luther King Jr.
"My mission in life is not merely to survive, but to thrive.",-Maya Angelou  
You are enough just as you are. ,-Meghan Markle
Challenges are gifts that force us to search for a new center of gravity. Don't fight them. Just find a new way to stand.,-Oprah Winfrey
The bad news is time flies. The good news is you're the pilot.,-Michael Altshuler
It ain’t about how hard you hit. It’s about how hard you can get hit and keep moving forward.,"-Sylvester Stallone, Rocky Balboa"
Spread love everywhere you go. ,-Mother Teresa​
"Keep your face always toward the sunshine, and shadows will fall behind you.",-Walt Whitman
The best way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.,-Walt Disney
"People who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones who do.",-Rob Siltanen
Everything you can imagine is real.,-Pablo Picasso
Light tomorrow with today!,-Elizabeth Barrett Browning
"For every reason it’s not possible, there are hundreds of people who have faced the same circumstances and succeeded.",-Jack Canfield
"Our greatest glory is not in never failing, but in rising up every time we fail.",-Ralph Waldo Emerson
We generate fears while we sit. We overcome them by action.,-Dr. Henry Link
The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today.,-Franklin D. Roosevelt
There are two ways of spreading light: to be the candle or the mirror that reflects it.,-Edith Wharton
"Memories of our lives, of our works and our deeds will continue in others.",-Rosa Parks
"Real change, enduring change, happens one step at a time.",-Ruth Bader Ginsburg
Someone is sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.,-Warren Buffett
Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities.,-Robert H. Schuller
"If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.",-Steve Jobs
A wise girl knows her limits; a smart girl knows that she has none.,-Marilyn Monroe
"The most important relationship in your life is with yourself. Because no matter what happens, you will always be yourself.",-Diane Von Furstenberg
"Style isn't just about what you wear, it's about how you live.",-Lilly Pulitzer
The most common way people give up their power is by thinking they don't have any.,-Alice Walker
